welcome to the episode I've locked in
this is gonna be a frame review on the
grun integral oh one track frame set
first off let's are with the company
grande is the same work based company
that currently only builds this track
frame but they are working on more
pursue version as well as a road disc
frame now let's start the specs on the
frame set it is an integrated sea post
design slightly pursuit track frame now
in treated sea post means what it sounds
like this seat tube is actually your
seat post in the frame which typically
leads to a more responsive stiffer ride
and only sacrifices slightly in the
weight category now currently the frame
is offered in 50 53 and 55 if you're
interested in this frame double check
the geometry because you have to keep in
mind you can only add so much seat post
thanks to the FS 8 SL k topper the great
thing about this design is it kind of
works like a headset where it comes with
spacers you can actually add height to
the seat post if needed excuse you about
two inches of adjustability up or down
and if you need to you can also cut the
seat tube slightly if you need to lower
it from the stock height typically when
the frame is stiff like this it rides
really hard especially without having to
carve a seat post and I was surprised at
how comfortable this actually was even
with my full carbon C the ride quality
is a lot better than my old 2009 Fuji
track Pro which have been integrated sea
post as well the only downside like I
mentioned before is this frame set is a
little heavier than something in its
similar size with a traditional seat
post and the frame comes with a carbon
fork with a carbon steer tube as well to
cut weight and improve ride quality and
a nice fs8 headset and the fork is
drilled for break just in case you run
out on the street now let's get into
your options currently the frame is
offered in two colors a blue and a matte
grey or there is a third custom option
for paint and they can do that for an
added charge the frame comes out great
the paint job is flawless and the welds
on this frame are as smooth this again
I've been extremely happy with the
hundreds of models I put on the frame so
far and I can't wait to ride it more the
frame retails for $9.99 in his stock
paint job and the ship is going to vary
on where you live because they are based
out of Singapore so let's go over the
pros and cons so if you're looking for a
high-end track bike that rides great and
you have the option to customize the
paint job on it right from the factory
and you're never gonna see anybody else
ride in on one run is a great option for
you the initial cost is high depending
on what country you live the shipping
can be expensive as well and with any
integrated seatpost frame you have to
double triple and quadruple check your
sizing so you don't get a frame that is
too big or too small
and after everything I've written but
it's a nice all-around ride it performs
great on the street and hopefully one
day I'll be able to take to the track
which I believe it will perform even
better check run out links are all in
the description for their website please
make sure to like my Facebook page and
subscribe to this channel and thanks for
watching the episode I've locked in